Cleanup of extraneous files (#1)
PickNikRobotics/abb_ros2: README.md

## Dependencies:

> - ROS2 abb package (ex. https://github.com/dignakov/abb)
> - ROS2 abb_experimental package (ex. https://github.com/dignakov/abb_experimental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A robot description and moveit_config package, e.g. from https://github.com/dignakov/abb or ./abb_experimental
```
